# This is my personal icon library

**Project Disclaimer**

1. **Copyright Notice**: All resource files in this project are prohibited from being reproduced or published in any form by any public account or self-media without permission.
2. **Purpose Statement**: The primary purpose of this project is for study and research; the legality, accuracy, completeness, and validity of the project content cannot be guaranteed. The data involved in this project is filled in by the individuals or organizations using it. This project does not bear responsibility for the content of the data, including but not limited to the authenticity, accuracy, and legality of the data.
3. **Consequences of Use**: All consequences caused by the use of this project are not related to all contributors to this project and are fully borne by the individual or organization using it.
4. **Third-Party Relationship Declaration**: The third-party hardware, software, etc., involved in this project have no direct or indirect relationship with this project. This project only provides an objective description of the deployment and usage process, and does not imply support for the use of any third-party hardware or software. All consequences resulting from the use of any third-party hardware or software are borne by the individual or organization using them and have nothing to do with this project.
5. **Study and Research**: All content in this project is for study and research only. No content in this project may be used for other purposes that violate the laws, regulations, or relevant regulations of the country/region/organization, etc.
6. **Modifications Based on the Source Code**: All modifications based on the source code of this project are the spontaneous actions of other individuals or organizations and have no direct or indirect relationship with this project, and all consequences have nothing to do with this project.
7. **Usage Limitations**: All individuals and organizations that use this project directly or indirectly should complete study and research within 24 hours and delete all content in this project in a timely manner. If there is a demand for the functions of this project, relevant functions should be developed by oneself.
8. **Right to Amend**: This project reserves the right to supplement or change the disclaimer at any time. Individuals or organizations that directly or indirectly use the content of this project are deemed to have accepted the special statement of this project.